MI300 series and MI350 series note for docker GPU select (#823) (#702)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-linux: docs/how-to/docker.rst

    docker run --device /dev/kfd --device /dev/dri/renderD128 --device /dev/dri/renderD129 ..

.. note::

>   When GPUs are partitioned (such as the MI300 or MI350 series in DPX, QPX, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When GPUs are partitioned (such as the Instinct MI300X or MI350X Series in DPX, QPX, or
```

  CPX mode), you must take the number of partitions into account when selecting
  different GPUs. For example, in CPX mode, ``renderD128`` and ``renderD137``
  correspond to the first and second GPU. In CPX mode, ``renderD128`` to
  ``renderD136`` correspond to different partitions of the first GPU. For more

>   information, check `GPU partition <https://instinct.docs.amd.com/projects/amdgpu-docs/en/latest/gpu-partitioning/mi300x/overview.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CPX mode), you must account for the number of partitions when selecting
  GPUs. For example, in CPX mode, ``renderD128`` and ``renderD137``
  correspond to the first and second GPUs. In CPX mode, ``renderD128`` to
  ``renderD136`` correspond to different partitions of the first GPU. For more
  information, see `GPU partition <https://instinct.docs.amd.com/projects/amdgpu-docs/en/latest/gpu-partitioning/mi300x/overview.html>`_.
```
